I am a member of some human rights organizations on Facebook.
I am a member of International Human Rights Organization since the 4th of February 2018.  Moreover, I am a member of IHRO: International Human Rights Organisation since the 5th of February 2018.  in addition to this, I am a member of World Wide Human Rights Protection Organization since the 5th of February 2018.  I am also a member of World Aid Organization for Human Rights since the 5th of February 2018.    I joined these human rights organizations to raise the concerns of my community so that we can receive help from the United Nations.  It is undeniable that our rights have been violated.  Children, pregnant women and old women have been killed by the French-speaking soldiers under the regime of President Paul Biya.

I am a member of some political communities on Facebook.
I am a member of Ambazonians(Southern Cameroonians) in the Diaspora since the 1st of February 2018.  In addition to this, I am a member of AMBAZONISM, A MODERN PANAFRICANISM since the 3rd of February 2018.  I am a member of SOUTHERN CAMEROON HUMAN RIGHTS-FREEDOM AND EQUALITY since the 4th of February 2018.  I am a member of THE NEW NATION OF SOUTHERN CAMEROONS/AMBAZONIA since the 4th of February 2018.  Moreover, I am a member of THE PEOPLE OF AMBAZONIA since the 8th of February 2018.  I am a member of We Love Bamenda since the 13th of February 2018.  I joined these political communities to denounce the injustice caused by the Cameroonian government and the human rights abuses.

Due to the fact that I am an active member and I am fighting against the human rights violation, I am compelled to give my contributions and to describe the situation in the anglophone regions.  I posted so many accurate pictures and videos of children that had been killed by the French-speaking authorities, women that had been brutalized, old women that had been killed, and the houses that had been burnt.  I shared this information on the social networking so that the world can be aware of the atrocious crime wave caused by the French-speaking authorities.  Indeed, innocent people have been killed and the Cameroonian government has breached the international law.

On the 4th and 5th of February 2018, a stranger, named “Miriame Mukoni”, tried to get my details on Facebook.  I do not know who this person is.  But according to what she posted, she confirms that she is a government agent.  I believe that she is a spy because she texted me in French.  I believe that the authorities used her to get the information regarding my location: 
on the 4th of February 2018, she said “T ou”.  This means “Where are you?”.  
I replied “Are you working for the government?”
She said “Oui”.  This means “Yes”.
She said “J suis a kin”.  I do not really know what this means.
She insisted in knowing my location.  She said “e vous”.  This means “And you”
on the 5th of February 2018, I replied “Are you a government agent?”
She said “A bon”.  I do not know what this means.
I replied “What do you want from me?”
She said “koi”.  This means “What?”

I was so scared of this stranger because I knew that it was a spy.  

The following months, I saw, on Facebook, two letters(Writ of Capias), written against me, by the Cameroonian authorities.    The Cameroonian authorities managed to get my name because I posted my full name on Facebook.  They are looking for me because I shared on Facebook the information regarding the human rights violated by the authorities.  They are also looking for me because they realise that I want the Northern and Southern regions of Cameroon to be a state.   I am of great interest to the Cameroonian authorities.  It is said that some Cameroonian refugees, sent back home by the Nigerian government, are dead.  If the Cameroonian authorities arrest me, they will also kill me.

The united kingdom is the only place where I can have a better life.  The united Kingdom is the only place in the world where I feel free.  The United Kingdom is the only place where I feel protected.  The United Kingdom is the only place where I can have a peaceful mind.  The United Kingdom is the only place where I feel more secure.  If you do not protect me, nobody will do it.  I do not want to die.  I am still young.  If you do not care about me, nobody will do it.  I am so innocent and I need help from you.  If you do not help me, nobody will do it.  England, which is the Queen’s country, is the only place in the world where I can have a positive way of thinking.  The United Kingdom is the only place in the world where I do not think about bad things.  Since I have been in the United Kingdom, I have never committed any crime.  I have never committed a crime since I was born.  All I need is your protection. Father mother
